Increase payload indexing advice visibility (#2360)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/manage-data/indexing.md

* `uuid` - a special type of index, similar to `keyword`, but optimized for [UUID values](/documentation/manage-data/payload/#uuid).
Affects [Match](/documentation/search/filtering/#match) filtering conditions. (available as of v1.11.0)

> Payload indexes may occupy additional memory, so it is recommended to only apply payload indexes for those fields that are used in filtering conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payload indexes occupy additional memory and disk space, so it is recommended to only apply payload indexes for those fields that are used in filtering conditions.
```
